today i'm going to explain a crime
adventure film called nerve
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
venus del monaco has been accepted to
the california institute of the arts as
she checks her emails she reads the
letter from the school reminding her to
submit her response regarding her
admission but instead of accepting the
school's invitation venus types a short
reply in the comment section stating
that she must decline
as she does venus takes a look at her
mother's photo and continues to type
that the reason she's turning down the
invitation is that she's too scared to
tell her mother that she wants to leave
staten island forever
venus receives a facebook notification
saying that jp guerrero tagged her in a
post
she opens it and sees jp's photo with a
caption telling everyone to attend the
pep rally that day and thanking her for
the picture after clicking the like
button her friend sydney video calls her
sydney asks venus what she's doing aside
from stalking jp's post and she claims
that she's watching the news
knowing her friend sydney calls venus a
liar then asks her if she told her mom
about her admission to calarts yet and
venus says she hasn't in the middle of
their conversation sydney excitedly
announces that nerve is starting and
when venus asks her what that is she
sends her a link so she can watch the
video
venus learns that nerve is a 24-hour
game similar to truth or dare except
that it's all dares people can join
nerve and become either a watcher who
pays to watch or a player who plays to
win
sydney wants venus to watch her play so
even though venus finds the game
suspicious she promises to sign up
at breakfast venus tells her mom that
sydney hasn't gotten to any schools yet
and that she doesn't seem to care her
mother replies that she doesn't need to
care since she has a trust fund she adds
that what venus has is far more valuable
which is a scholarship to a local
college
given their financial situation they
can't afford a dorm but her mother's
optimistic since they'll still have each
other as roommates
venus isn't entirely on board with the
idea of living with her mom while
attending college so she suggests fixing
mike's room to list on airbnb
she continues to tread carefully as she
tells her mother that it may be time to
start going through mike's stuff to
donate them
venus even adds that she can give her
mom some space but she rejects the idea
without a second thought defeated venus
could only say that she'll be fine with
commuting
after talking to her mom venus goes to
her brother mike's room and finds a
picture of him in the mirror
she removes it and takes it along with
her camera before preparing for the pep
rally
venus goes out to the balcony taking a
sad glance at the harbor before finally
leaving on her bicycle at the pep rally
venus takes pictures of the football
team members including jp
there she finds sydney talking to the
watchers of nerve on her phone asking
them to support her to get to the final
round
sydney goes back to her position with
the other cheerleaders and in the middle
of their dance routine she suddenly
turns around and lifts her skirt showing
everyone her rear one girl uses sydney's
phone to record her and after finishing
her little stunt sydney's phone shows
that she has completed her dare a series
of clips are shown revealing how players
are supposed to record themselves while
doing their dares and if they succeed
they will earn money
sydney is happy that she's continuously
earning through nerve while having
dozens of watchers
together with her friends they talk
about who's winning the game which is a
guy named ryan
when venus arrives one of sydney's
friends tells her that the watchers are
coming up with her next air annoyed
venus reminds her that she just got
suspended and that she thought sydney's
already done with the game
sydney tells venus that playing nerve is
important to her and that she wouldn't
understand because unlike her venus
likes to stay in her comfort zone venus
disagrees with them but sydney starts
asking her friends to come up with a
hypothetical nerve dare for venus
at first they dare venus to make out
with jp but they take it back and dare
her to talk to him instead
venus refuses so sydney accepts the dare
in her place instead
sydney walks up to jp saying that a
friend of hers is asking if he has a
girlfriend
when jp asks which friend sydney points
to venus but jp says she's not his type
humiliated venus leaves and as sydney
tries to stop her their friend tommy
tells her to let venus go
because of what happened venus signs up
to be a player for nerf
she learns that the players must film
all their dares on their phones
the rules also state that players get
eliminated by failing or bailing and
that snitches get stitches
after she finishes signing up venus
accepts her first dare and asks tommy to
accompany her to colonnade diner where
her dare will take place
tommy can't believe that she signed up
as a player and tells her that some kids
had supposedly died while playing that
game
venus doesn't buy that in retorts that
if kids are dying then the game would be
shut down however tommy explains that it
can't be shut down since there isn't a
single server he adds that every person
who logs onto nerve becomes a new server
making it impossible to turn it off
at the diner venus finds out that her
first dare to win a hundred dollars is
to kiss a stranger for five seconds
tommy discourages her but she does it
anyway and approaches a guy sitting on
one of the booths to calm her nerves she
tries talking to him about the book he's
reading to the lighthouse with tommy
filming them venus decides to just go
for it and kiss the guy surprising him
venus immediately gathers many watchers
and as soon as she completes her dare
she bids the boy goodbye and goes to
where tommy is sitting
when venus receives her money she and
tommy notice that the guy she kissed is
gone from his table they then see him
dancing and singing around the diner
making them realize that he's also a
nerve player he says that he was
instructed to sit on one of the booths
when a kid showed up to give him the
book venus says that it's her favorite
book and tommy notes that all the
watchers know all that about her because
it's on her facebook page
the guy ian finds out what venus name is
and as he turns to leave they both
receive a dare to go to the city
together
venus says she can't go and that she's
only doing one dare ian asks her if
she's sure she can't go and tommy
repeats that venus can he then asks if
tommy's always telling her what to do to
which venus replies that he doesn't
despite her initial rejection she
eventually agrees to go to the city with
ian on the other hand sydney continues
doing more dares and later finds out
that venus has signed up as a player
when venus and ian reach the city they
go their separate ways before venus
accepts her next air
she goes to the same high-end store
where ian went while back at home her
mom receives notifications in her phone
there her mother finds that someone has
been sending money to venus
the watchers send venus a picture of the
dress they want her to try on
inside the store venus asks one salesman
where she can find it the salesman
sarcastically tells her that that dress
is very expensive but venus ignores him
he eventually tells her where she can
find it and true enough she spots the
dress which costs a whopping four
thousand dollars
venus is about to remove the dress from
the mannequin but a sales lady stops her
and brings another stock with her
deadline fast approaching venus quickly
undresses and puts the dress on
upon wearing it the timer in her phone
stops working so she isn't sure if she
completed the dare while waiting for her
timer to work a suited ian suddenly
shows up to finish a similar dare at
colonnade diner tommy searches for venus
in nerve and he finds her while she's
trying on some expensive shoes
what venus and ian don't know is that
another player named ty is also at the
store with them he has accepted a dare
from the watchers to steal their street
clothes and other belongings
once he's finished ty leaves and venus
looks frantically for her clothes
ian calls her from outside the dressing
room informing her that his stuff is
gone too the two of them receive their
next air which is to leave the store
venus is adamant about not shoplifting
so the two end up fleeing wearing
nothing but their undergarments when
they return to ian's motorcycle they
find a shopping bag containing their
expensive formal attires paid for by
their watchers
meanwhile sydney calls tommy to ask what
venus is doing and who the guy she's
paired with is
tommy says he doesn't know and that's
when one of sydney's friends tells her
that venus is in the top 10 list of
players
concerned sydney asks tommy to meet her
so they can get venus and he agrees for
their next heir venus has to get a
tattoo of ian's choice
she asks ian what will happen if she
bails and he says she'll lose all her
earnings trying to be creative ian draws
an image on a piece of paper and asks
the artist to create a better version of
it while getting her tattoo venus opens
up to ian about her brother who died two
years ago right before starting college
she gets sentimental and mentions that
her brother would laugh so hard if he
saw her getting a tattoo
meanwhile tommy remains worried about
venus so he asks his friend to help him
gather more information about ian
the tattoo artist finishes his work and
when venus sees her new lighthouse
tattoo she ends up liking it
after getting a pass key from his friend
tommy searches the internet for any
information about ian
from there tommy finds suspicious
comments about him and he learns that
he's already played the game before
tommy tries calling venus to tell her
about this but she isn't answering
for ian and venus next air they're
supposed to ride a motorcycle in the
city at a speed of 60 miles per hour
with ian blindfolded
venus of course refuses to do it but ian
begs her to stay
while they're talking tai shows up in an
suv and makes venus hold a small sticker
before taking a picture as ty leaves he
greets ian and when venus asks ian who
tai is he says that he must be another
player
on the other hand sydney and her friends
watch on television as venus and ian
complete their dare
using this sticker from tai to cover his
helmet ian starts driving while venus
uses his body to steer the two finish
their dare once more and then they kiss
giving all the watchers except tommy a
shot of euphoria tommy continues to
watch the dares from his car and as he
drives venus mom calls him she asks
tommy if he knows anything about the
money venus is getting but tommy lies
saying it's probably from her new job
before quickly ends the call
as venus and ian continue their stroll
around the city venus asks him why he's
playing nerve
he says he's doing it for his family
because some things happened and he
wishes that they turned out differently
when venus asks what it is ian dodges
the question
sydney tries calling venus but she
declines humiliating sydney in front of
the watchers
he urges venus to talk about sydney she
says that she's tired of being her
sidekick all the time
ian takes a look at sydney's photo on
her phone and instead of praising sydney
for her beauty he complements the image
for its quality ian then finds out that
venus was the one who took it and says
that sydney looks insecure which venus
agrees with
the watchers from around the city are
recording them the whole time so sydney
and her friends got to watch the entire
thing live
venus popularity makes sydney jealous so
she accepts a dare where she has to
cross between two buildings using only a
ladder sydney ends backing out while
other players continue to play but all
of them ends up bailing or failing tai
on the other hand completes a dangerous
dare and gets first place
venus and ian show up to the party for
nerve players and watchers with loud
cheers greeting them
when venus looks for sydney she finds
out that she's been eliminated from the
game
she eventually finds sydney in a room
making out with jp and the two start
fighting
sydney is mad about venus calling her
insecure with everyone watching
while sydney is letting off some steam
venus receives a dare to finish sydney's
challenge herself venus calls in to
leave but sydney stops them and the two
girls continue arguing
fed up with sydney's attitude venus
accepts the latter dare
she ends up succeeding which bumps her
up to the first place
when tommy finally gets to talk to venus
he tells her that ian has played nerve
before and that it was his dare to take
venus to the party and fight with sydney
venus can't believe what she just heard
so she storms off but ian catches up
with her venus asks ian if it's true
that he only took her to the party as a
part of the game but before he can
answer ty shows up wearing a mask and
takes a video of them ian grabs venus
hand to run and they hide in an elevator
there venus starts screaming about how
she almost died playing the game
ian says that it's complicated to
explain and this only makes her angrier
to the point where she's threatening to
report the game to the police she storms
off and finds a police officer outside
venus immediately informs him about
nerve and what it entails the uncaring
officer simply asks if a crime is being
committed and venus could only say no as
venus tries handing her phone to the
officer to show him all the videos her
mom receives another notification on her
phone all the money from their bank
account is starting to go missing this
makes her call venus as she's getting
worried about what's happening
meanwhile the watchers at the party
start yelling at venus for violating one
of the game's rules
not knowing that ian has already left
venus starts leaving while telling her
mom that she will fix the problem as she
walks away ty knocks her unconscious and
she wakes up in a container with walls
painted with the word snitches get
stitches
there's a television with someone
speaking calling venus their prisoner
according to the speaker they now
control her entire life and the only way
out is to win the final round
venus is then instructed to go to the
staten island ferry where the watchers
will find her
for the final dare ian and venus have
each been given a handgun and whoever
shoots the other wins the game
meanwhile tommy and his hacker friends
race against time to alter nerves code
the final dare begins but venus refuses
to shoot the watchers are cheering tommy
is growing more anxious and ian begs
venus to shoot him but she still refuses
the countdown begins but it isn't until
the last second that venus fires at the
ground instead of shooting ian
a masked man from the crowd starts
firing morning shots
after getting everyone's attention he
announces that he'll complete the dare
himself the man removes his mask
revealing himself to be thai and the
watchers go crazy as soon as they
recognize him
venus tries pleading with the watchers
asking them if they really want the
players to kill each other
she even starts calling them out and say
that they should remove their masks and
take responsibility for their actions
the watchers ignore her and continue to
cheer so venus dares try to shoot her ty
asked the watchers if they want him to
shoot venus and while some voted no some
still voted yes
venus mom arrives at where tommy sydney
and the hackers are and she threatens
them once more that she'll call the cops
if they don't tell her what's happening
the majority of the watchers vote yes so
without warning ty shoots venus
venus mother could only watch in horror
as venus falls to her feet ian panics as
he shakes venus desperately trying to
wake her up the watcher stopped cheering
and at that time tommy's hacker friends
finally managed to alter nerf's code he
sends everyone a message saying they're
now an accessory to murder
terrified everyone signs out shutting
down nerve server once and for all
tai walks up to ian and venus and as he
closes the distance between them ian
takes his gun with every intention to
shoot tai
to his surprise venus suddenly gets up
and ian learns that it's just an act
once the last player logs out nerve
officially goes offline
after that tommy's hacker friend assures
venus mom that she'll get her all her
money back ianon and venus leave the
location of the final dare and that's
when ian confesses to venus that his
real name is sam
unbeknown to them a watcher is recording
them from afar
finally venus and sydney work things out
between them and venus accepts the
invitation from calarts
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching